hey guys build Zoid here from actually
hardcore overclocking and today we're
going to be doing a sort of consider
motherboard considerations for Rison
third gen CPUs and we're gonna be going
through x5 70 board's x4 17 boards and B
450 motherboards because the first thing
you need to answer when choosing a
motherboard for your third gen CPU is do
I need PCIe 4.0 because you probably
don't and if you don't you can save a
lot of money that you can then use to
actually get more performance instead of
wasting it on PCIe 4.0 before that this
video is brought to you by Thermal
Grizzlies conduct a not liquid metal
conductor not as what we've used in all
of our liquid metal and delayed thermal
tests capable of dropping CPU thermal
significantly and replacing the stock
thermal interface over CPU thermals
don't just allow better overclocks but
also lower noise levels because the
transfer efficiency is increased the mix
of gallium and indium makes for a
thermal conductivity of 73 watts per
meter Kelvin outclassing traditional
pastes significantly learn more at the
link in the description below
the thing about PCI u 4.0 is do you have
a 20 atti well that doesn't use PCIe 4.0
it uses 3.0 so it'd be 450 board for a
20 atti is actually a perfect fit as
long as that sounds as far as the 20
atti is concerned pcie 3.0 is pcie 3.0
it doesn't matter if it's coming from a
hundred dollar board or a seven hundred
dollar board it's still pcie 3.0 so
that's something to keep in mind the one
thing currently that really takes
advantage of PCIe 4.0 is like high-speed
m2 SSDs which we've seen a bunch of them
demo like getting demonstrated but the
thing is like you'll have to make up
your own mind if you need one of those
you know you'll have to make up your own
mind about those personally I still use
SATA SSDs so I don't have much of it
like I don't have much to say in that
area I think they're a massive waste of
money but at the same time I know
there's like certain workloads where
people really care about having very
fast storage and you know if you're one
of those people I assume you already
know that you need PCI u 4.0 and you're
excited to buy yourself a PCI u 4.0
motherboard and if you're one of those
people who doesn't do those things then
you probably don't need PCI u 4.0 and
you don't know why you would need it in
the first place right so I'd say PCI u
4.0 is one of those things if you don't
know why you need it you probably don't
but uh yeah and with the GPUs so yeah
you might be like okay so the twenty
atti doesn't support PCI u 4.0 but
what-what about thirty atti that will
support PCI u 4.0 well yes but a twenty
atti is really really far away from
maxing out of 3.0 x16 so I have a
question for you do you think the thirty
ATT I will be twice as fast as a twenty
atti because I really doubt that
considering the current rates of
progress with GPUs I really doubt that
the next wave of GPUs will be suddenly
twice as fast as what we currently have
and even then unless you're buying the
thirty atti right if you're if you were
buying like a mid-range thirty thousand
see right through the 3000 series and
video card you would actually probably
not be like you you would still not be
anywhere near maxing out PCIe 4.0 so I
think the the need for PCI you 4.04 GPUs
is several years away because currently
GPUs aren't even close like currently
GPUs are just about starting to reach
the limit of like pcie 3.0 x8 and the
GPU reaching that limit is the 2080 ti
not really anything else so that's
something to consider with the
motherboards and so we'll start off with
sort of X 470 boards for people who
don't want to spend a bunch of money on
PC IU 4.0 that they won't use so that
they can spend that money on things like
better memory better cheap GPU with a
better heat sink or better CPU cooling
system right things that actually give
you more performance rather than wasting
money on a high-end board
well expensive board because there's
high-end X 570 boards and low-end X 570
boards in the low-end ones are just
still expensive anyway so starting off
with the X 470 boards the noteworthy
motherboard here is the Taichi ultimate
because this is the cheapest way to get
10 gig LAN on on a m4 which is basically
the only reason to get this board you
might be wondering but build Zoid the
crosshair 7 hero is a good board and the
gaming 7 is also a good board yes but
there are $200 X 570 motherboards that
are also good boards and those are $200
so they're slightly cheaper and good so
I don't know why you'd get a 270 dollar
X 470 board when you can have a $200 X
570 board that does the same thing right
so that's something to consider though
at the same time there might be some
feature that you really like about the
crosshair 7 hero or the gaming 7 from
gigabyte and if you know what that is
and you can't find it on the next 570
board just get this instead I mean
there's no issue with that am I to tell
you what you need but personally I think
there's nothing there's nothing super
impressive about either like any of the
sort of two hundred plus dollar X 470
boards because $200 X 570 boards are
really like I really like them they're
really really good in my opinion in fact
I think in some ways the $200 ex-wife 70
motherboards are a bit too good because
a lot of the board's above that price
point also don't make any sense as a
result but anyway so Taichi ultimate
really great option for the 10 gig LAN
that it offers but one concern with this
board is that it does not have vials
flashback so you're gonna have to get
the retailer to actually update the bios
of this motherboard for you because
otherwise it won't post with a third gen
CPU so that's something to consider
that like that's an issue you'll run
into anyway moving on from the Taichi
ultimate we have the gaming Pro carbon
which this like
this board barely scrapes by you know
out of the 200 like as soon as you're
$200 just buy an x5 17 in my opinion
because you can get some really great
$200 x5 17 boards but this board barely
manages to avoid that yeah at this price
point like it makes sense if you see it
even cheaper then it makes more sense as
a good feature set the vrm is good
enough to run a 3900 X even fully
overclocked you have good vrm heat sinks
I like it's a it's a solid board it's
actually like I use this motherboard
from memory testing a ton because I just
really liked the combination of like at
the price point the vrm the features
it's a really solid option in every way
and for that reason alone I think you
know you you should consider it so yeah
there's the i/o section that's a clear
CMOS button that you get right there and
that's also like one of the things I
really like about the board is like
clear CMOS on the rear i/o is super
handy if you're doing a lot of
overclocking which actually most X 570
boards don't have that but they have so
much like I guess like well I feel like
if you're paying like paying you know
the same for an older board that has
just because it has some extra buttons I
argue doesn't make a lot of sense right
like because you can make the same
argument for these boards except that
like 170 to 180 dollar x57 two boards
kind of like that they get pretty bad
pretty fast because the cheapest boards
are 150 so at around the 180 dollar mark
X 570 boards are already really really
not great anyway next board on X 417
worth considering this one only if
you're getting an 8 core or a 6 core if
you're getting a 12 core I would avoid
this unless you intend to run its stock
because if you're overclocking this vrm
heatsink right here is atrocious and
won't stop the vrm from overheating
because yeah like these heat sinks have
zero surface area and as a result like
this we are I'm run stupid ha if you put
it like if you use a 12 quart so for an
8 core or 6 core this motherboards are
really good fit you have a really good
set of like good i/o good set of
features really solid option also no
BIOS flashback so you're gonna need your
retailer to update it for you same as
the gaming Pro carbon and the Taichi
ultimate so that's kind of the the the
only issue with these boards is like
that there's there's no while splash
back functionality on them but other
than that they're they're definitely
solid choices and you save a bunch of
money compared to the you know X 570
boards now moving on from sort of these
X 470 options let's go into B 450 boards
and for B 450 I mean if you like the
feature set of the gaming Pro carbon but
you want to spend less money and you
don't need the feature like X 470
compared to be 450 the only thing it
really does is it offers SLI support so
if you don't plan to use SLI you can get
a gaming Pro carbon from MSI on B 450
for 160 dollars which is about 20 bucks
cheaper than the than the X 470 gaming
Pro carbon but this thing also has Wi-Fi
which the gaming Pro carbon does I don't
think it had it has still has intel on
it also has BIOS flashback so you can
actually update the BIOS of this
motherboard without having a CPU
installed which is great if you're
buying it for a third gen CPU so that's
really really awesome and overall like
it literally has the same feature set as
the gaming Pro carbon the vrm is a bit
of a downgrade but but it still has this
really large of erm heatsink so if you
throw enough airflow at it it'll still
handle a 3900
it's just that it will need airflow and
the board does not working vrm
temperature sensor so you can check if
your cooling like if your VR I'm cooling
is adequate you can check it yourself
right and always just rearrange like
ultimately you can just throw a fan at
it that'll fix everything
so that's your expensive option for B
450 unfortunately B 450 is still in that
situation where it's just like all the
best boards or msi boards I'm sorry it's
like if you don't like em as I am don't
go to me for motherboard recommendations
I I my personal statement on my
preferred motherboard vendor is that I
hate all board vendors equally because
they make crap boards they did make crap
boards and or they will make crap boards
and therefore none of them like there's
no one brand that consistently makes the
same level of quality it always goes up
and down for any platform any price
point there's a different winner most of
the time right like it's very very
rarely that you end up in a situation
like MSI where basically all of the B
450 MSI boards are just better than
everybody else's so good job MSI but
well once we get to the x5 70 boards
you'll see what I mean by like the you
know very rare that it's one brand just
dominating the entire platform so next
we have the MSI be 450 tomahawk and like
it's it's a game like you keep the
upgraded vrm heatsink from the gaming
Pro carbon but it cuts down the well
it's not as upgraded it's not as large
but it is still a very effective
heatsink you do get a BIOS flashback
functionality and good overclocking
support like basically you save some
money the main thing you lose is like
Intel and there's no Wi-Fi on this but
you know I don't care about those kinds
of things then this thing is a hundred
and fifteen dollars which is
significantly cheaper than even the
cheapest of the x5 70 boards so
definitely a solid option right there
and then if you want to save even more
money you can go as low as like the
gaming plus down here and unfortunately
MSI had like a bunch of m8 like MSI had
mortar em ATX boards which were based on
the tomahawk like kind the same VR I'm
in VR I'm calling as the tomahawk and
and for some reason those don't seem to
be available anymore which is a real
really unfortunate cuz I really like
those boards I think those were some of
the best mhm TX boards produced on the
entire am4 platform up until actually
even with
five seventy even with ex-wife seventy
we haven't really seen any good am ATX
boards it's basically an abandoned form
factor at this point but uh yeah if you
want to go cheaper there is the gaming
plus this still has miles flashback the
vrm has gotten another set of downgrades
so at this point you know this board
only for like the eight core and the six
core CPUs I would not overclock a 3900 X
on this unless you want to be dealing
with like a delta fan sitting on top of
the VR m which in other words very loud
so yeah but for for the lower core count
CPUs this is actually a really solid
option and if you want em ATX then they
do actually make an m-80 X version of
that board in the form of this board and
that is also a pretty solid but like
it's it's a solid option for the same
reason right it's just a smaller version
of the other board unfortunately this
one's out of stock so this one might be
canceled soon as well which kind of
sucks and the only downside to this one
is you do get only two DIMM slots but
you can get 32 gig games these days so
yeah I don't really see that as an issue
and if anything the fact that this only
has two DIMM slots will make your over
memory overclocking better so that
that's kind of neat for ITX options on
before 50 there's one true answer and
that answer is this right here because
this has a really solid of erm however
the cooling situation is less than ideal
just because it's an ITX board and
they're always less than ideal in terms
of cooling situation the issue is these
boards are just not very big so you
can't have a really big vrm heatsink and
there's a hard limit on how efficient
your vrm can be so at some point you're
gonna run into the issue of you need a
bigger heatsink and you just can't get
one now we can move on to x5 270 and in
x5 79 we will start with the high end
and then we'll work our way down so
first up this board I want to complain I
really want to complain so this right
here this board don't buy this board
whatever you do do not buy this
motherboard because this motherboard is
across her eight hero with a water block
and five gig lan that is the only two
differences between this the formula and
the hero o and it has you know like well
aesthetics are like look if you want to
pay so 350 dollars for an aesthetic I
out like for aesthetics then I guess go
for it
but the general issue is that yeah this
right here has the same vrm same i/o
section same everything except that this
has two and a half gig Realtek lan as
well as one gig intel while this has
five Giga quanta and one gig intel oh
and this has this useless water block
and that water block is useless because
it's sitting on a vrm that barely needs
a heatsink in the first place and you
know asus instead of trying like here's
the funny thing that water block could
have actually been a good feature to
have on this motherboard if they had
like heat pipes from the chipset
heatsink going into the water block so
that when you water cool the vrm it also
cools down the chipset to the point that
the fan doesn't need to ever turn on
again instead here's your useless water
block on the vrm that doesn't need a
heatsink and a five gig lan for twice
the price alright like seriously they're
literally charging you twice as much
money for a water block and a lan
upgrade in the ultra high-end i think
you know gigabyte x57 2 horas extreme
kind of takes the kid takes the win and
honestly this is a board that it's like
i don't think you need but it has it is
fully passive there's no chipset fan
because gigabyte realized that with
their ridiculously efficient vrm we can
use the VRMs heatsink as a chipset
heatsink so they have this heat pipe
right here and that basically means that
they get away with running the chipset
passive so yeah no fan awesome
and yes the vrm is ridiculous overkill
and complete like the heat sinks on the
vrm are great board is absolutely
ridiculous you also get 10 gig lan which
is again like the formula is 5 gig this
is 10 gig so more is better right like
it's really that simple especially since
they cost the same amount of money you
get power and reset you get dual BIOS
you got you know you got the BIOS which
is on this board as well right right
down here you got voltage Reed points
you basically get everything like
everything I ever wanted from a
motherboard you could get on this
motherboard except that I never wanted a
motherboard for $700 I'm sorry gigabyte
but even like even as a fan of you know
insane motherboards 700
is insane and not in a good way but
unfortunately that seems to be the the
the default ultra high-end price for X
570 because the God likes also $700 and
yeah
but the God like the the God like is
just this weird mishmash of features
that it's not worth getting into as far
as I'm concerned so yeah for for X 570
don't buy the formula for the ultra high
definitely don't buy the formula the
extreme looks in my opinion as the clear
winner of the ultra high-end 4x 570 but
even that is just like a really hard
time justifying that board anyway what
else do we have well there's the X 570
Pro WS this board is interesting because
instead of 8 8 8 4 PCIe configurations
it supports 8 8 8 8 1 concern I have
with that is that the chipset only has a
4x connection to the CPU so that 8 X
connection on the chipset PCIe slot down
on the bottom edge that still goes
through the same 4x connection to the
CPU so there's a pretty good chance that
if you're actually using 8 X worth of
bandwidth and you're communicating to
the CPU with 8 x worth of bandwidth
it'll just bottleneck anyway and it
won't give you any advantage over just
having an X 4 PCIe slot so I'm not 100%
certain what problem that PCIe slot is
supposed to solve because like the
connection to the CPU is still in x4
like you can't cram more data through an
X for than X 4 right like that's kind of
the idea behind that so yeah but
interesting board nonetheless so that's
why it gets a shout-out then here we
have the x5 70 or ass Master the x5 70
phantom gaming X we all of course also
have the crosshair 8 hero where as a 8
hero non Wi-Fi we also get the crosshair
8 hero with Wi-Fi and then the Meg ace
and all of these boards are in that 350
to 360 s well 370 80 yeah 84 Isis of
course have to be the most expensive 380
dollar price range and the thing about
all of these boards as far as I'm
concerned they're all interchangeable
none of them is a clear winner in any
way shape or form so just pick your own
poison because ultimately I think it's
gonna come down to whichever board has
like the best memory overclocking
support which depends on like BIOS
and a whole bunch of things that I just
can't judge right now like I'd actually
have to test the board and memory
testing takes forever so yeah like I
can't see anyone board here for for the
three hundred and fifty dollar price tag
I can't see any one board that's a clear
winner and so just kind of pick whatever
you like whatever you like the
aesthetics of I guess or whichever bias
you are more you prefer more or that
kind of thing because yeah all of these
boards like on paper they're equivalent
completely equivalent as far as I'm
concerned so that's kind of that then we
get to the $300 price point with the X
570 - e which this shouldn't exist
because this shouldn't take like this
like that - f should get cancelled and
the - a should get lower price tag as
far as I'm concerned this thing like
it's a bit too expensive then we have
the Auris ultra and the Tai Chi and the
well MSI doesn't really have a $300
board do they I don't think they do
because they basically yeah they have
the ACE and they have the gaming Pro
carbon and the gaming pro carbon is 250
and the ACE is 3 3 6 9 so MSI is not
competing in the $300 arena which is
fine as far as I'm concerned but the
winner of the $300 arena as far as
features are concerned is the tai chi it
just because basically whereas like
basically the way to think about all of
the other boards in the $300 price tag
is look at the master look at the
phantom gaming acts look at the
crosshair eight hero and then start
chopping off features and you'll get
there the the $300 boards but the thing
is the Tai Chi has very little cutaway
like the only thing it loses is like the
two and a half gig line compared to the
fight to the Phantom gaming X and as a
result it just ends up with a better
feature set than every other board at
this price point so for $300 the Tai Chi
is in my opinion a clear winner assuming
asrock hasn't screwed up their bios or
something right so that right there is
is the board to beat for $300 I think a
lot of the other boards just like they
just don't have the same feature set
they're like you know posed like that
this has everything that the phantom
gaming X has except it's like 300
dollars cheaper except the line whereas
something like this this technically
keeps the VR I mean heatsink off the
master but it loses the post
it loses the buttons right which are
really cheap things that I think what
should have stayed it maintains the m
dot 2 ml two slots but it also gets a
different vrm that's significantly worse
where's the phantom gaming X and the
Taichi the same DRM on both and it's a
very solid vrm in fact it's not really
that different from the vrm that you get
on the old try it's just that and well
this has more features other than that
so yeah at that point you you should
just go for the Thai cheap so $250 price
tag is a price tag that I don't even get
why x5 70 motherboards exist in the 250
dollar price category because $200 X 570
boards exist so fun fact the - II the -
F and the - Pro over here these all use
the same vrm as the tough gaming right
here all of them have the same vrm and
this is $200 and it comes with Wi-Fi
which funnily enough the - Pro doesn't
have which doesn't make any sense
so that's kind of that so this is like
if you want Wi-Fi in a solid vrm you get
this and if you want a solid vrm don't
need Wi-Fi and you want bios flashback
functionality there's the Auris elite
which is a really solid option and
there's the steel legend from from as
rock but that kinda doesn't really like
that doesn't have any clear advantage
over the other - as it has a weaker vrm
than both and it doesn't even have as
many features as either of them so this
doesn't have Wi-Fi whereas this does
have Wi-Fi it doesn't have miles
flashback whereas this does have BIOS
flashback so because of that I think in
the $200 price tag you know oh and this
also has Intel LAN whereas this is real
tech so you know if you don't care about
the Wi-Fi get the get the elite if you
do care about the Wi-Fi get the tough
that's kind of the solution right there
also this is the one and only ITX
motherboard currently listed on Newegg
there are other ITX boards coming out
eventually they're just not available
yet so not you know you'll have to wait
for the rest to turn up if you're
interested in ITX builds so that's the
$200 price point like I think honestly
gigabyte and Asus kind of screwed up
these two boards are too good like
because these are so good that like the
$250 price point I don't know like okay
so this has a different slightly like
this has a different VR I'm that's like
slightly better
but feature set wise it's basically the
same thing as the elite right they added
like an extra I'm not to cover and they
added some debug LEDs but you can live
without debug LEDs as far as I'm
concerned so it's just like yeah I'm not
paying not paying 70 bucks more to get
debug LEDs in Wi-Fi that's silly right
especially because if I care about Wi-Fi
I can buy the $200 ASIS board and this
does have debug LEDs right so even
actually if you're not offended by the
realtek line you can just go straight
for this for $200 like this thing is an
absolutely killer value and it just
makes it the wreck like it makes the pro
wear - Pro irrelevant it makes the dash
F irrelevant it makes the - irrelevant
so good job Asus you you just did an
Asus I guess and the same for gigabyte
where it's just like the $200 board is I
I don't know why you'd get the 271 when
when this one does almost everything you
I can think like you know if you have a
basic set of features that you need from
your motherboard this one does them this
one already does it you don't need to
pay more than that and then you know if
we keep sliding down like it is worth
noting about that the 300 to 350 dollar
price tag and you get massive erm
upgrades from a lot of the boards and
much better like a heavy overclocking
focus right but yeah at 250 dollars you
get like because 250 dollars like it's
that price tag where they're trying to
mishmash the two hundred dollar boards
with features from the - $350 boards and
and I feel like they just really
mismatched the features and the end
result is like yeah just two hundred
dollars and you get the two most
cost-effective motherboards on the
entire bloody platform and then below
two hundred dollars well the boards gets
super stripped down and as a result I
wouldn't really recommend any of them
the only one I would consider is the x5
70 - P from Asus here because like the
funnily enough
funnily enough this is the this vrm
section right here is very very similar
to what you get on a Maximus 11 hero so
that's kind of why I give this the win
for the sort of cheap 170 dollar X 570
board is because yeah you you get the
vrm off the Maximus 11 hero and this is
just better than a lot of the VR I'm
other like all of the other boards in
terms of erm at this price point so yeah
and and there's not really any like
feature well it doesn't have BIOS
flashback which I think both MS
Gigabyte have on their entire lineup but
it's just like if you want BIOS
flashback you could go for the gaming
acts and the gaming acts I mean very
like very different approach to the VR
I'm designed like Asus is going for
power stages and only four phases with
to power stages per phase which
ultimately gives them a like really good
powered handling capability and you know
you can compensate for low phase count
with better higher switching frequency
better output filtering better like
better input filtering so ultimately
there's many ways to design a good vrm
and Asus just decided to go for one that
unfortunately looks really bad in
marketing because you say oh yeah it's a
four phase and it's just like well that
sounds low and it's it is low but you
can make that work and you can make it
work very well if you try so anyway
whereas gigabyte decided to go for a
sort of more like they're going for 10
phase V core with a bunch of discrete
MOSFETs so much less sophisticated in
execution but still really powerful and
you do keep BIOS flashback but the thing
is like it's also real tech line at this
point and it's just like at like once
like the vrm ultimately the arm of
efficiency is comparable the V arm power
delivery quality and I don't know which
one would have an advantage you'd have
to use an oscilloscope to check and I
doubt you'd actually notice a difference
in overclocking anyway so at that point
it's just like yeah you can go for that
you can go for that and if you want BIOS
flashback I would go for this well the
one concern I have with this is that
this has MOSFETs on the back of the
board and there's not a back of the
board picture but basically those are a
bit of a cooling hazard which the X 570
- P doesn't need to deal with because it
just uses power stages those are all in
the front of the board so yeah
X 570 is just like in the low-end you
kind of have gigabyte with the elite
while in the cheap X 517 boards you have
the elite from gigabyte which absolutely
kills it the tough gaming which in my
opinion obliterates Asus his own
motherboard lineup above $200 good job
Asus right there you made a motherboard
that's too good for once
you also have the tough gaming non Wi-Fi
which is $190 which at that point you
know like that it's like yeah if you
don't need the Wi-Fi that that's a
really solid option as well and like the
thing is like MSI's gaming plus is also
170 dollars it's just the vrm on this is
significantly worse than only other to
170 dollar boards and it's not like it
makes up for that with well anything
right cuz real tech line again similar
ought like actually I don't pay that
much attention to the audio section but
I don't know if you care about that you
can check that yourself but there's
nothing immediately that stands out to
me on this board you know the i/o
section is not that special you do get
BIOS flashback that but the gigabyte
board also gives you BIOS flashback so
like it seems like with X 570 the board
vendors have all actually tried to build
really good boards and as an end result
we have a bunch of good boards
unfortunately that also means you kind
of have to a lot of options which are
like there's not really any wrong
choices like it's hard to find wrong
choices and at the same time they've
managed to make certain price categories
just silly because there's boards that
are really good at lower price points
and like in fact like the the Auris Pro
Wi-Fi versus the elite like if you
compare the i/o sections it's the same
thing literally like I have no idea why
gigabyte thought this board is necessary
III guess it's like like this is a thing
that I guess in the industry where it's
just like oh yeah we need to fill out
every 50 dollar price category and so
every 50 dollars there's a new SKU even
if that SKU doesn't make any bloody
sense to anybody because it's just like
well what does it introduce that
actually benefits the end user nothing
well why does it exist them because it's
because we don't have a 250 dollar board
so so that's kind of the issue but x57
do looks really really solid if you're
looking at sort of like if you want a
motherboard that basically has
everything you're looking at a three
hundred and fifty dollar board and if
you hate chipset fans well yeah I mean
you're kind of stuck with the extreme
but uh yeah overall I'd like honestly
I'm really glad that there's not really
any 1x 517 board where I'm just like
well I I think the pro for series from
as rock looks concerning ly similar to
the
x4 17 master SLI in terms of the in the
vrm Department and that's concerning cuz
that VR I'm sucked so yeah those are the
only boards where I'm like I would
really avoid those but everything else
looks really really solid from everyone
basically so yeah I guess
good job Bobo makers for making an
entire platform of motherboards that at
least on paper all look really good I
guess it's just a now we just need to
find out who has like the best memory
overclocking support due to BIOS tuning
and memory layout and that kind of thing
which like you can't judge that from
pictures like you actually need that to
be reviewed and tested and at the same
time I'd say up to 32 733 megahertz
any board should be fine it's really
passed like 42 of like past 4000
megahertz is where you start noticing
major differences between motherboards
and memory overclocking so yeah anyway
that's it for the video thank you for
watching like share subscribe leave any
comments questions suggestions down in
the comment section below and if you'd
like to support gamers Nexus we got
stored out gamers Nexus not net if you'd
like to pick up merch like mod maths
toolkits that you know shirts that kind
of thing and if you'd like to support us
directly we do have a patreon page there
you can which you can use to just
support us monthly without having to buy
anything and if you oh and I have a
channel called actually hardcore
overclocking where I do more
overclocking related stuff if you'd like
to check that out that would be awesome
there's links to all of that down in the
description below and also in the
comment section and yeah that's it for
the video thanks for watching and good
bye
[Music]